Explore some of our latest courses and programs available now.

School of Earth, Energy & Environmental Sciences

Hybrid and Electric Vehicles

Gain an understanding of hybrid and electric vehicle systems, battery technologies, the charging infrastructure, and grid integration.

Learn More >>

Sustainability Essentials for Business

Learn how and why businesses are integrating sustainability into their core strategy. Master practical tools and methods to increase the impact of your organization.

Learn More >>

School of Engineering

Enroll in online AI courses starting soon! 

Natural Language Understanding—Jan 24 to Apr 04

Develop systems and algorithms for robust machine understanding of human language. Learn best practices as you complete your own project.

Learn More >>

LIVE: Make a Social Impact with Stanford’s d.school—Jan 13

The Stanford d.school invites Saul Kaplan to share his methods for commercializing transformational business models for social impact.

Sign Up for this Stanford d.school Event >>

Stanford Continuing Studies

Accelerated 3-Week Course: Building Successful Startups 

Hear from Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and investors on how they’ve guided startups to success and take actionable ideas away to build and improve your startup.

Enroll Today >>

Live Online: Stats for AI, Machine Learning & Data Science 

This 10-week course will deliver a high-level overview of some of the most common concepts in statistics that make AI and ML possible. Starts Jan 13.

Enroll Today >>

Graduate School of Business

Take Stanford’s Self-Paced Program and Discover Your Path to Power 

This new year, commit to build your power and increase your influence to amplify your impact. 

Enroll Today >>

School of Medicine

Medical Statistics Program 

Master statistical concepts and techniques used in medical research in this three-course series.

Enroll Today >>

Stanford Online is brought to you by the Stanford Center for Professional Development.


Stanford University
You are receiving this email because nedzimateusz@gmail.com is registered for promotional emails from Stanford University on Coursera.
Please do not reply directly to this email. If you have any questions or feedback,
please visit our support site.
facebooktwitterblogblog
 Coursera 
Copyright (c) 2021 Coursera, Inc | 381 E. Evelyn Avenue, Mountain View, CA 94041 USA
To opt-out of receiving emails from this Partner, unsubscribe here.